# Change Log
All notable chagnes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/) 
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

---

## [1.1.9] - 2017-02-13
### Added
- When the player presses the start button we send a Start Request Packet to the server.
- The server now handles Start Request Packets, if there are more than 2 players in the lobby we start the match.
- The following are new functions on Server.js:
	- attemptMatchStart will try to start the match if there are enough players.
	- broadcastStartMatch will loop though all the clients and write a Start Packet.
	- getLobbyNumber will retrun the number of players in the lobby.
	- broadcastNewGSLobbyPlayer loops through all the clients and informs them what the current number of players are in their lobby.
- Generated the first APK version for testing.

### Changed
- The broadcastJoinResponce now passes along the match code and current number of players in the lobby.
- Server now has a new function _getLobbyNumber_ and it gets the current number of players in the lobby.
- The update functions in the game class now check what scene is currently active in order to avoid getting null reference errors.

## [1.1.8] - 2017-02-13
### Added
- Connection now handles errors by passing them to a static function in the Game class.
- Game class has a new function _updateLoginErrorMessage_ that displays the errors message on the login screen.

## [1.1.7] - 2017-02-13
### Added
- Players now handle incoming packets from the server.
- Players can switch to the GSLobby scene when the server says they can.
- We now remove empty matches when all the players disconnect.
- The following functions to the Connection class:
	- readPacketNameError traces the error, doesn't yet display it.
	- readPacketMatchError traces the error, doesn't yet display it.
	- readPacjetJoinResponce sends the player to the GSLobby screen.
	- readPacketHostResponce sends the player to the GSLobby screen.

### Changed
- The destroyStreamData function now trims the entire buffer, not sure if this will cause problems but when the .trim() was empty there were "end of file" errors.

## [1.1.6] - 2017-02-10
### Added
- Designed the GSLobby screen.

## [1.1.5] - 2017-02-10
### Changed
- Fixed the Connection Failed error message bug where it wasn't being reset when the player attempted another connection.

## [1.1.4] - 2017-02-10
### Added
- The GSMain now tells the user when it's trying to connect to their desired server. If no connection is made within 60 seconds we warn the user that their server didn't respond.

## [1.1.3] - 2017-02-10
### Added
- Added the font .ttf file to the main folder.
- Matches now hold all its spectators in an array.
- Matche codes will be rejected if they have illegal characters.
- Clients are removed from matches when they disconnect.

### Changed
- Switched the first 1.1.2 to 1.1.1.
- Fixed protocol mismatch for the name invalid code.
- We no longer track currentPlayers, instead we check to see what match.players.length is when checking to see if the match is full.
- When we log the new match code to the console it is foced to uppercase.

## [1.1.2] - 2017-02-09
### Added
- The following functions to the server:
	- createMatch creates a new match in the matches array based on a code generated by generateMatchCode.
	- generateMatchCode generates 6 letters from a random int using getRandomInt.
	- getRandomInt generates a int between the min and max numbers that are passed in.
	- getLetterFromInt takes a number and finds its corresponding letter.
- Added the ability for host clients to generate new matches.

### Chagned
- When generating a new Match the currentPlayers value is now 0 instead of 1, this is becuase when a host creates a match we run the checkForMatch function in the server class and the host gets added as if they were a player.
- Fixed some issues with the _this_ keyword with the match generation functions.
- Switched name.match to username.match in the isNameOkay function.

## [1.1.1] - 2017-02-09
### Added
- The server assigns players a ID number.
- We created the following functions:
	- destroyStreamData destroys the stream data.
	- tryReadingPacket uses get next packet to try and figure out what type of packet we are handling.
	- getNextpacket parses the packet for the packet type.
	- splitBufferAt splits the buffer at a specific point.
	- readPacketJoin parses the packet and gets a username and match code, we then check if the name is allowed and if the match exist.
	- readPacketHost parses the packet adn gets a username and creates a match.
	- isNameOkay checks to see if a name is legal, returns 1, 2, 3 as errors and 0 as approved.
	- checkForMatch checks to see if the match code a player input is legit, if it is and there is space it adds the player to the match. Returns 1, 2 as errors and 0 as approved.
- Added a Match class, it stores the match code, current players, max players, and the IDs of all current players.
- Connection.as now has a sendHostRequest function, it now sends a HOST packet  along with the players username.
- The GSLogin script:
	- Players can select to join or host a match using the options menu via the gears button. Join is the default setting.
	- We submit the packet based on the visibility of the matchCodeInput object.
- There is now a GSLogin symbol in the project, it is displayed when the user connects.

### Chagned
- The sendJoinRequest in Connection.as now sends a match code instead of a player type.
- In Connection.as the handleConnection function sends the client to the GSLogin screen.
- Also in Connection.as the handleClose function returns the client to the GSMain screen. This should be updated so we can tell the player why they were forced back to the main menu.


## [1.0.7] - 2017-02-08
### Added
- The server exist.
- A Client and Server class to the server.js script.
- Clients can now connect and disconnect from the server.

## [1.0.6] - 2017-02-08
### Added
- Custom server IP and port input symbols.
- The connect function now uses the US-East or custom IP and ports based on what the client chooses, the default is US-East.

## [1.0.5] - 2017-02-08
### Added
- A server options popup menu for switching between the US based server and entering a custom IP address.
- Event listeners for the server options buttons.
- Clients can now toggle the servers options menu on and off.

### Changed
- Updated the design for GSMain:
	- New options icon.
	- Moved the options icon to the left.
	- Added a drop shadow to the title text.
	- Changed the options icons drop shadow from 4px to 6px.

## [1.0.4] - 2017-02-06
### Changed
- Reworked the logo to match the logo used on the Google Play page.

### Removed
- The white drop shadows from the text on the splash screen and main menu.
- The logo from the main menu screen.

## [1.0.3] - 2017-02-06
### Added
- Recreated the splash screen.
- Updated old splash screen code.
- Created a Server Connection screen (GSMain), it's currently the acting main menu screen.

### Changed
- Added a tick event to the Game.as file.
- Reworked the Game.as file to make the scenes it spawns slide from right to left instead of just "hard cuts" to the next scene.

## [1.0.2] - 2017-02-06
### Added
- Base AS3 files based on Nick's Tic Tac Toe game.
	- Connection.as
	- Game.as
	- LegitBuffer.as
	- GameScene.as

## [1.0.1] - 2017-02-06
### Added
- This CHANGELOG file.
- The README file.
- The PROTOCOL file.
- The empty server script.

### Changed
- Replaced the old .fla file with an empty new one.

### Removed
- The Design Doc files and folder.
- All but the icon from the images folder.